thanks for using the site for me to this
point
I think they have 20 rodent in place car
lunch
how much damage is there supposed to be
posterior that's or five at the 33
that's a 2g that's the 22 11 15 points
coming in yeah you seek you're also a
more choice do we have oh it was a
sports Pringle serpent yeah let's try
can head to side 16 no 19 damage 19
damage will not attack and suddenly
harvest your organs and spitting out a
couple tokens are telling him much it's
interesting this is ujin hobbies fourth
trip to an elimination bracket how many
times is the advanced one round after
that elimination back never right he has
never done it never made it out of the
first round he's got three top eight and
three first-round agents and it's your
table like he's gonna go for it before
they begin ok 1204 any of you is the
attempts to get back onto the train
doesn't Chuck cash qualifies for
Valencia often fibers Valencia that's
right it's a Florida Becca formable deck
builder to the new york new jersey area
true people who are preparing to that
event true the prospect of doing rent on
Eugene Harvey somehow pull the research
you go guess wow I can come seems seems
amazing Valencia is extended Valencia is
extended Eugene her Gus on an extended
top eight on my
I wrong
John Fiorello and while I was trying to
defend the home turf to loan san diego
area player left- field
yeah too bad to see that two lands and
Fiorello just enforced with this party
is that basically no impact on this game
at all he took at a pretty good draw
from mom if you take a free man or zone
takahashi we know if he can perform
elegant deliver us he actually did he
took a free moment he did not even
anybody eating did not go to six well he
had to land right I mean you keep seven
card for two lands five spells tend to
be a keeper
what about
sizing the age is controlled yeah how
the siphon maids accusation turns you
need help answer first I've taken mega
lips 12 if you go for you
go talk about a little rules folks if
you have a giant one is either fire
control this was something that I know
is debated I remember of does channels
over the months and is going to put
everything they see supra can pressure
Wow Ronald on takahashi yet to take on
the swimmer kids if you can hug me once
you get two of two semifinal match he's
going to have to work you have to do it
over I say yeah we'll find out if you
can do it in Valencia man assemble out
of the gates of John few role and
yamanashi winded that's not a little
match yeah what happened whoa I think
that oh yeah